Your Privacy Rights - Jobhappy Privacy Policy

You can read an overview of the Jobhappy Privacy Policy.

Jobhappy is committed to protecting the privacy of our users, and strives to provide a safe user experience. This privacy policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, shared, and secured, as well as your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information.

By using this site or application, you agree to the collection, use and transfer of your data as described in this Privacy Policy.

You may revoke your consent to this policy. To revoke your consent, please contact us. If you revoke your consent, your account and profile information will be removed from our website.

Information collected on our sites and applications is stored in the United States; therefore, your information may become subject to U.S. law.

Scope of this Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to information we collect or use on sites and applications owned or controlled by Jobhappy or its affiliated companies ("Jobhappy"). Affiliated companies are entities that control, are controlled by or are under common control with Jobhappy
Information We Collect

We collect information about you when you use our sites and applications. We receive and store this information when you enter it on our website, send it to us, or provide it to us in any other way.

We collect information when you choose to give it to us. This includes:

    Contact information like name, email address, street address, and phone number
    Your resume including job experience
    The information use to apply to jobs on Jobhappy
    Information imported by you from third party applications;
    Information you provide to us when you contact Jobhappy
    Credit card number and billing information (for services requiring payment);
    Your race, ethnicity, or gender, if you choose to provide it. Some employers are required by law to collect this information on a voluntary basis;
    Information about your business, such as company name, size, and business type.

You can correct or remove this information by accessing your account settings. We also collect information from you in the following ways:

Single Sign-on: If you choose to sign in to Jobhappy with Facebook or similar services, we import the requested information from your account and we make it part of your profile.

Referrals: We may collect from you personal information about others. For instance, if you choose to use our service to share site content with a friend, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. We temporarily store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Information automatically collected about you when you use Jobhappy

We gather certain information automatically when you visit our site or use our mobile applications. This information includes:

    Your activity on Jobhappy, including the jobs you search for, view, and apply to
    Your internet protocol (IP) address and internet service provider (ISP)
    Your browser type and device ID
    the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.)
    operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data

This data is collected about you automatically and is processed for Jobhappy’s legitimate interest. We combine this information with personal data to help detect and prevent fraud. We also combine this data with your profile and resume data to return the best job search results to you.
Information collected about you from third parties

If you are located in the United States, we may collect information about you from publicly-available websites. We may use this information to create a profile, even if you do not have an account with us, or append it to an existing profile that you have with us. You will have the opportunity to claim collected information relating to you and to remove the information as described in this privacy policy. However we cannot guarantee that we will not later collect from publicly-available websites other information that pertains to you.
How We Use Information

We use the information we collect to provide our services, respond to you, operate and improve our sites and applications, and foster a positive user experience.

We use information with your consent as described at the time we collect that consent. This includes account creation and resume upload.

We use personal data for our legitimate interests, namely:

    To operate Jobhappy services;
    To contact and communicate with you when you contact us;
    To analyze, improve and optimize Jobhappy services; and
    To protect Jobhappy Services and the rights of users and others
    To enforce terms of Jobhappy’s services and prevent fraud and abuse of Jobhappy systems

By registering with Jobhappy, by managing your profile, by publicly posting information, or by opting in when presented with choices, you have consented for us to use your information in the following ways:

To provide you with our services, which includes

    To create a Jobhappy account for you, including any resume you create or upload
    To enable you to search for jobs and share them with others
    To enable you to apply for jobs
    if you are in the US, to add information gathered from public websites to your profile;
    to help potential employers find your resume and contact you;
    to make purchases;
    to enable you to contact us and for us to respond to you;
    to display targeted recruitment messages from employers;
    To contact you with service-related communications and security updates
    to provide information about you and your interest in job postings to employers;
    to provide products and services to employer customers to complete the recruitment and hiring process;

For marketing

    to provide personalized, targeted, or location-based content, services, and advertising from us and third parties;
    to send you job alerts, newsletters, career advice, or other marketing communications you have opted in to receive;
    to inform you of other products or services available from Jobhappy or its affiliates;
    to conduct surveys, promotions and contests, and to publish the results thereof;

To improve our services

    to give search engines access to public information;
    to conduct analytics and generate internal reports about the use of our sites and applications;
    to track which jobs you search for, view, and apply to

For security and fraud prevention

    to detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal; and
    to make suggestions and draw inferences about you. For example, we may make suggestions about people you may know or additional jobs, products or services that might be of interest to you. Or, if you identify yourself as "Mrs." we will assume you are female.

Some of our products and services, such as our resume and profile database and social media search, enable third parties to see your personal information and to contact you.

Information you post in public areas of Jobhappy sites or applications or make visible in the resume and profile database may be accessed, used, and stored by others around the world, including those in countries that might not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection of personal information as defined by your country of residence. While Jobhappy takes measures to safeguard your information from unauthorized access or inappropriate use, Jobhappy does not control these third parties and we are not responsible for their use of information you give to us. Accordingly, you should not post sensitive information or any other information you would not want made public, to any Jobhappy site or application or to a public website.

Our services include the display of personalized products, content, and advertising relating to your career experience and interests. We use data we have about you to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third party. We show you targeted ads online. These ads are targeted based on information we collect about you and information about you we acquire from third parties including public websites and data providers. Please see your account notification settings to customize the notification you receive and the About Our Ads page in our Privacy Center to learn more about targeted ads.
How We Share Information

We provide you with a platform to broadcast information about yourself to maximize your career opportunities. The information we gather may be shared with the following categories of third parties:

    The Jobhappy group of companies on a worldwide basis;
    Employers, when you make your resume searchable or apply to a job;
    Other companies hired to provide services on Jobhappy’s behalf;
    Other third parties where required by law;
    Other third parties when you give your consent to such sharing such as for resume writing services;
    Alma Media, if you create an account on a Jobhappy website in Finland or Czech Republic.

By applying to a job, providing your contact information to show interest in a job, or by replying to a message from an employer, you consent to the disclosure of your information to that employer and to be contacted by such employer for employment related purposes.

We do not share contact information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure. We also share information in the following ways

1. We share your information with our service providers, which are third parties who help deliver our products and services to you. Examples of these services include hosting our web servers and site databases, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer management tools, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not use that data for any other purpose. We will remain responsible for any information shared in this way.

2. We disclose information to third parties when you give your consent for us to do so. For example:

(a) if you make your resume searchable or if we collect information you’ve made available on a public website then all parties with access to our resume or profile database products will have access to your information;

(b) if you opt in to receive information about the products or services of third parties, we supply your contact information to those third parties so they may contact you.

We also share aggregated information (including location data) about Jobhappy site visitors and application users with third parties to serve advertisements to you online. We also aggregate data regarding job qualifications, schooling, age, experience level or other information relevant to the job search. This aggregated data does not identify users individually, and may be made available to employers or shared publicly. If we create a co-branded site with another company, information collected on that site will be retained by both companies and subject to the privacy policies of both companies which will be published on the co-branded sites.

3. We may disclose to third parties information that we have collected from other websites.

4. We disclose information if legally required to do so, or at our discretion pursuant to a request from a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith - after considering your privacy interests and other factors - that such action is necessary to: (a) meet legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) investigate fraud, prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.

5. We may disclose and transfer personal information to a third party who acquires any or all of Jobhappy’s business units, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event Jobhappy becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding, such information will be disposed of in a transaction approved by the court. You will be notified of the sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party by email or through a prominent notice posted on the site.
Cookies and Online Advertising

Cookies: Jobhappy and its partners use cookies on the Jobhappy sites to analyze trends, administer websites, track users' movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Cookies help personalize and maximize your use of our site, including storing user preferences, improving search results and ad selection, and tracking user trends. You can control your cookies at the browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.

We use the following types of cookies:

    Security: These cookies allow us to secure access to your account.
    Preference: These cookies are used to store your preferences like language choice and display of job search results.
    Analytics: We track traffic patterns so we can identify popular content and potential problems.
    Features: We track which jobs you search for, view, and apply to so we can show you more jobs like those. We also use cookies to split some users into test groups to test new features.
    Advertising: We use non-identifiable information about you to show you advertising on Jobhappy and third party sites.

When you create or post a resume, we store it in our resume and profile database in the United States. You may control the status of your resume by setting it to visible, limited, or private. Visible and limited resumes can be viewed by anyone with access to our resume and profile database. We cannot control the retention, use or privacy of resumes that have been viewed or downloaded by others.

Private resumes will not be visible in our resume and profile database, but information we acquire about you from a public website may be visible. You may still use your private resume to apply online to a job. If you apply with a private resume, it will be transferred to the relevant employer, who may retain a copy of it.

We attempt to limit access to our resume and profile database to legitimate users, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database. Once your resume has been disclosed, Jobhappy is not able to retrieve it from the third parties who accessed it. Accordingly, you should not put sensitive information, personality profiles, or other information you would not want made public, in your resume or profile.

If your resume includes personal data of a reference, it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have forwarded his/her details and has consented in writing for you to do so.

Resumes you give to us must not contain sensitive data relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) physical or mental health or biometric details or genetic makeup (vi) addictions or sexual life (vii) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines, (viii) the commission of any unlawful or objectionable conduct and associated penalties, or (ix) any Social Security Number or national identification number. If you do give us this information, then you agree that it is at your own risk.
Access to and Storage of Your Personal Information

Data Retention: Because managing your career is a life-long process, we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make repeat use of our sites more efficient, practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal information as described below. We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

If you are located in the European Union and you do not sign in to your account or interact with our services for more than five years , your account will expire and be scheduled for removal from our site. Expired accounts are deleted on a routine basis. If your account contains a resume, you will receive an email from us before we delete your resume in this manner.

Access to your Personal Data: Upon request Jobhappy will provide you with access to information we hold about you. You may access, update, or delete your resume or profile at any time. To do so, sign in to your account, go to your resume or profile, and make the desired changes. If you do not have an account, or if you believe that someone else has provided us with your contact information, please contact us. You also have the rights to data portability and to request that Jobhappy restrict processing data about you.

Access to, or correction, update, or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Jobhappy if it would violate another person’s rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.

If you wish to delete your account information altogether, please contact us. We will send you an email to confirm that your personal information has been deleted. We may retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, investigate security incidents, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to “unsubscribe” from further messages from us. We will retain anonymized information after your account has been closed.

We will respond to information access requests within a reasonable timeframe. If we require additional time to provide access to your information, we will acknowledge receipt of your request within a reasonable timeframe and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law.

Some Jobhappy customers store their resume databases on Jobhappy servers. Jobhappy is a data processor for personal information received in this way. If you would like to access, review, or correct your personal information, you should contact our customer (your potential or existing employer) with any such requests. We will cooperate as appropriate with requests from our customers to assist with such responses. See more information on private resume databases.
Security

You are responsible for keeping your username and password secret.

The security of your personal information is important to us. We utilize a variety of safeguards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. Jobhappy takes appropriate measures to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. You can find additional information on conducting a safe job search in our Security Center.

You should be aware that resumes and profiles may be monitored by your current employer.

When you place an order online at Jobhappy, your credit card information is encrypted with industry standard encryption.
Children

Jobhappy is not intended for, nor do we knowingly collect information from, children under the age of 13.
International Transfers of Personal Information

EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield: Jobhappy (“Jobhappy”) participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Jobhappy is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.

Jobhappy is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Jobhappy complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.

With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Jobhappy is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Jobhappy may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

Standard Contractual Clauses: Jobhappy also transfers personal data from the EU to the US pursuant to standard contractual clauses.
Changes to Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) where required, or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information

If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us online or at: support@jobhappy.com

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not address satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in their country.

Jobhappy’s European Data Protection Officer is John Nick.

In addition to the information practices described above, the following section applies to Jobhappy’s collection and use of information collected via Jobhappy’s mobile app. When you use the app, Jobhappy may collect and use information about you in the following ways:

    The app displays jobs sourced from third party job websites. If you apply to one of these jobs, Jobhappy will send your information to that job website and that site may contact you regarding your application.
    Jobhappy may collect a phone number from you for the purpose of sending you a text message with a link to download the Jobr app. You agree that you own the number you provide and that you will not hold Jobr responsible for text message charges.
    If you opt in, the app will collect your geographic location. Your location is used to show you jobs near you. Your location data is kept for 2 weeks in Jobhappy’s logs and for up to a year in log archives.

